Question 1
What is the primary goal of generative AI as described in the overview?



To improve machine learning models' accuracy

To generate content based on user interests

To reduce the computational cost of AI systems

To enhance the security of online transactions

1 point
2.
Question 2
Which group benefited the most from AI assistance in writing tasks?



Writers with poor initial writing scores

Experienced writers with high initial scores

All writers equally

Writers who did not use AI

1 point
3.
Question 3
In the study involving GitHub Copilot, what was the effect of AI on software development tasks?



Developers completed tasks significantly faster with AI assistance

No impact on task completion times

Increased complexity of tasks

Decrease in code quality

1 point
4.
Question 4
How can enterprises customize generative AI models for their specific use cases?



By using techniques like finetuning and RAG

By developing their own GPUs

By building their own cloud infrastructure

By creating their own foundation models from scratch

1 point
5.
Question 5
What presents a high barrier to entry in the market for foundation models?



The lack of interest in AI technologies

The abundance of cloud providers

The extensive resources needed for model training

The simplicity of model development

1 point
6.
Question 6
What is 'chain of thought prompting' and its purpose?



Providing examples to help the model reason better in formulating answers

A technique to speed up the model's response time

A strategy to lower the cost of using the model

A method to reduce the size of the model

1 point
7.
Question 7
Which of the following is a challenge associated with using retrieval augmented generation (RAG)?



It can increase variable costs due to the need to send additional information with each query

It reduces the amount of data necessary for the model's operation

It decreases the model's accuracy

It simplifies the model's architecture

1 point
8.
Question 8
How did Bloomberg GPT achieve better performance on financial tasks compared to general-purpose models?



By having more parameters than any other model

By deploying the model to more users

By using general data available to everyone

Through training on a curated, domain-specific dataset